Privacy Policy
  
Last updated Thursday, 18 May 2023. 

The P&P Privacy Policy explains what personal and business information we collect and how we use it. 
 
Planner information 

P&P only collects information that it is required for app functionality. 

Contact, account and profile information - such as name, mobile, profile image and email address are required in order to create an account. 
Event information including event name, date, time (from & to), number of people (initial range and providing the final numbers), and private address. Food and beverage selections. Tasks. Run sheet items. Questions. 
Guest information including name, mobile, dietary requirements and attendance status.
Payment information - P&P partners with Stripe to collect your bank account and other information as detailed in the Stripe Connected Account Agreement. (https://stripe.com/en-au/legal/connect-account) 

When using the app, Planners will be prompted to provide geolocation information that allows P&P to find the Planners location on a map. 
  
Provider information 

In addition to the user contact, account and profile information mentioned above we collect:

Business details including Business name, hero image and eight other images, address, tag line, about, ABN or ACN, business owner details (including name, job title, mobile), a customer message from the owner, business domain name, photo gallery or instagram link, business services description, in house services.
Staff member details including name, title, profile image, mobile, and area of responsibility
Partners & suppliers information including name, mobile, services provided and whether the partner was invited to join P&P.
Venue information including venue hire services description, venue filters, site inspection availability (including day of the week, opening and closing times), venue name, address, tag line, about, venue manager details (including name, job title, mobile), a customer message from the venue manager, venue capacity (seated and standing), price information, deposit information, venue availability (including day of the week, opening and closing time), venue inclusions, 
Catering information including food and beverage service and package information such a beverage services description, filters, beverage availability (including day of the week, opening and closing time), menu tastings, food and beverage items (including name, description, price, category), dietary information, inclusions, package type, selection instructions, food and beverage manager details (including mobile, name, profile image).
Live performance including services description, filters, meeting availability (including day of the week, opening and closing times), package name, maximum travel distance, tag line, about, artist details (including name, job title, mobile), a customer message from the artist, price information, deposit information, package availability (including day of the week, opening and closing time), inclusions, genre, 
Photography and Videography including services description, filters, meeting availability (including day of the week, opening and closing times), package name, maximum travel distance, tag line, about, Photographer and Videographer details (including name, job title, mobile), a customer message from the Photographer and Videographer, price information, deposit information, package availability (including day of the week, opening and closing time), inclusions.
Flowers information including services description, filters, meeting availability (including day of the week, opening and closing times), item & package name, maximum travel distance, tag line, about, Florist details (including name, mobile), a customer message from the Florist, item & package price information, deposit information, package availability (including day of the week, opening and closing time), inclusions.
Furniture information including services description, filters, meeting availability (including day of the week, opening and closing times), item & package name, maximum travel distance, tag line, about, Furniture manager details (including name, mobile), a customer message from the Furniture manager, item & package price information, deposit information, package availability (including day of the week, opening and closing time), inclusions.
AV equipment information including services description, filters, meeting availability (including day of the week, opening and closing times), item & package name, maximum travel distance, tag line, about, AV equipment manager details (including name, mobile), a customer message from the AV equipment manager, item & package price information, deposit information, package availability (including day of the week, opening and closing time), inclusions.
Decor information including services description, filters, meeting availability (including day of the week, opening and closing times), item & package name, maximum travel distance, tag line, about, Stylist details (including name, mobile), a customer message from the Stylist, item & package price information, deposit information, package availability (including day of the week, opening and closing time), inclusions.
Streaming information including services description, filters, meeting availability (including day of the week, opening and closing times), package name, maximum travel distance, tag line, about, Streaming manager details (including name, mobile), a customer message from the Streaming manager, package price information, deposit information, package availability (including day of the week, opening and closing time), inclusions.
AV technician information including services description, filters, meeting availability (including day of the week, opening and closing times), package name, maximum travel distance, tag line, about, AV technician manager details (including name, mobile), a customer message from the AV technician manager, package price information, deposit information, package availability (including day of the week, opening and closing time), inclusions.
Event manager information including services description, filters, meeting availability (including day of the week, opening and closing times), package name, maximum travel distance, tag line, about, Event manager details (including name, mobile), a customer message from the Event manager package price information, deposit information, package availability (including day of the week, opening and closing time), inclusions.
Cleaning information including services description, filters, meeting availability (including day of the week, opening and closing times), package name, maximum travel distance, tag line, about, Cleaning manager details (including name, mobile), a customer message from the Cleaning manager, package price information, deposit information, package availability (including day of the week, opening and closing time), inclusions.
Security information including services description, filters, meeting availability (including day of the week, opening and closing times), package name, maximum travel distance, tag line, about, Security manager details (including name, mobile), a customer message from the Security manager, package price information, deposit information, package availability (including day of the week, opening and closing time), inclusions.
Celebrant information including services description, filters, meeting availability (including day of the week, opening and closing times), package name, maximum travel distance, tag line, about, Celebrant details (including name, mobile), a customer message from the Celebrant, package price information, deposit information, package availability (including day of the week, opening and closing time), inclusions.
Transport information including services description, filters, meeting availability (including day of the week, opening and closing times), vehicle name, maximum travel distance, tag line, about, Transport manager details (including name, mobile), a customer message from the Transport Manager, package price information, deposit information, vehicle availability (including day of the week, opening and closing time), inclusions.

 
The information that we collect is used to:

enable users to access the P&P app,
enable users to make secure payments, 
enable Planners and Providers to communicate,
enable Planners to search for and get directions to venues and other business locations, 
enable Planners and Providers to manage events, 
comply with laws and regulations, 
perform analytics, debug and conduct research,
personalise and customise the user experience,

P&P aims to protect Planners and Providers through creating a trusted and safe environment. 

P&P is proactively engaged in the detection and prevention of fraud, spam and abuse. 
 
P&P does not share any personal or business information data that is collected with third party providers, marketing agencies and websites.
  
Information from third parties

P&P offers third party log in and account creation services (including Google and Apple). When creating an account using these services users are providing their information to them with knowledge that those entities have their own legal terms of service, conditions and privacy policy, which outlines how they collect and use your data. 

Your rights as a user
 
You can exercise any of the rights described in this section consistent with applicable law. These include:
Account deletion 
Data access

How to delete your account

You can delete your business account (Provider account) and all related data within the Business profile section. This does not mean your user account has been deleted. 

You can delete your personal account (Planner account) and all related data within the more section of the Plan home tab. 

You can access your data profile by sending a message to our team via the “i” button. 

Data security

P&P continually updates and implement measures to protect your data against unlawful and unauthorised attacks. P&P partners with Google’s Firebase product to store data within the secure Firebase database, authentication, storage and hosting. To read more about how Google collects and processes this data read the Privacy and Securty in Firebase policy (https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy). 

Contact information

For questions and complaints about this Privacy Policy or P&P’s handling of personal or business information you can send our team a message in app or send an email to support@planprovide.app 
